NSFW Avis drink
Pick any player. make them remove a layer of your choice
The group makes a SFW rule that only applies to you
Give everyone you'd sleep with a drink
Choose: Take someone to a private room, or re-spin and do double
Strip 2 and sit on the player 3rd to your rights lap.
If a player is laying down, ride them for 10 sec, otherwise take 2
Take off an article of clothing
Post a nsfw picture in the discord, can be vrc
Group picks a player, match thier level of clothing
Pose as lewd as you can and have your picture taken
Rock, paper, scissors the person to your right. winner makes a rule for the loser
Make a NSFW rule
Make a SFW rule
Group decides: Pretend/give to give oral to a player, or recieve oral from a player
If there is someone in the room you want to one-night with, give them a drink.
Strip but keeps the socks on. It's for safety.
Drink if you've worn a plug while in vrc
Drink if you've given a stranger access to your lovense device
If you currently have a lovense/pyshock at the ready, give the code to someone in the room
Group tells you 1 layer to take off
If you have erp'd in the last 3 days give 2, otherwise take 2, prude.
Subs, do as your told and remove 1 layer
Put all of your clothes back on
Moan, group gives you a rating
Drink if you've erped with someone currently in the room
The group makes a NSFW rule that only applies to you
Drink for every person you've ERP'd within this room
Lick whoever is the most naked
You and the person across from you swap levels of undress, if both fully clothed, both take 2
Edge your best for 2 rounds
Give 1 if you've given a lap dance
Drink one for every light on your current avatar
Choose: Remove all layers and make someone finish thier drink, or take 3
What role do you want in a threesome?
Give 5 if you're hoping you hit more stripping spins
Does public play make you nervous?
Pick someone in the room, call them Daddy/Mommy and sit next to them for 2 rounds
The wheel is your master, do whatever it says for the next 3 turns.
How many Lovense do you own?
Remove 1 layer but put another on, if you can't remove 2
Explain why someone is being a slut while they put a layer back on
Drink for everyone person in the room you'd like to lewd you
Stand on the wheel then touch your toes
Have you ever made a VRC sextape? Do you want to?
WHo here would you like to see a VRC sextape of? Pick as many as you wish
Remove 1 lower layer
Remove 1 upper layer
Drink for every person you have had in your mouth (IRL/VRC) this week
Take off as many layers as you want
Put as many layers back on as you want
Choose: drink 4, strip 2, or drink 2 and strip 1
What is your favorite category of porn?
Choose: Drink 3 and remove 1 layer, or remove 2 and give 2
Tell someone in the room something lewd you wish to do to them
Pick one, remove a layer and drink 1, or put on a lyer and drink 3
The table is now your Domminatrix! Apologize! Say "yes mistress" when you spin for 2 turns.
Go topless and give a drink for each layer that comes off, or take 5
Group choice: Everyone drinks 3 or the wheel is spun, where the arrow points removes 2.
Group chooses a player: Pleasure yourself in thier lap until your next turn
Give the person you think needs to lose move clothing  2 drinks.
Declare yourself Sub, Switch, Dom, or Brat. Everyone that disagrees drinks. 
Call someone out! Choose Sub, Dom, Switch, or Brat. Everyone that disagrees drinks
Until you're next turn, lose 1 layer for each drink you are gifted
Drink if you've been called a slut today.
Pick another player, demonstrate how to put on a condom using them.
The group picks another player, they may kiss you wherever they wish.
Spin the wheel, the player it points at gets to take 3 pictures of you nude. You may leave to another room
The group makes a NSFW rule that only applies to you
Explain what the hottest sexual encounter you have ever had was
For every piece of clothing you've lost, lose another
Spin the wheel: Give the player it lands on an NSFW dare that includes yourself
Group picks a player for you: Use thier thighs as a sex toy or they use you as a sex toy
Spin the wheel, send a really dirty message to the player it points at.
Pick another player, they decide what you wear.. or what you don't.
Spin the wheel, make a rule for whoever it points at.
Group decides: Remove 2 layers or swap to an ERP avatar
Spin the wheel, whoever it points at makes a rule for you.
Using another player of groups choice, demonstrate your favorite position. Get a picture
Wipe all rules in play
Make a NSFW rule, then pick one person to perform it now.
Make a request of another player. Anything works
Allow someone to do a body shot of you. Both drink 1
Choose: Take 2, remove 2, group shot but you remove 1, or everyone removes 1 and you take 4
Give a drink if you've ERPd in this world, you devious dog.
Give one for every irl sexual partner you've had
Drink one for every irl sexual partner you've had
Drink the amount of the most times you've 'climaxed' in one session
Remove 1 layer of clothing
Remove 2 layers of clothing
Pick someone to remove 1 layer of clothing
Pick someone to remove 2 layers of clothing
Spin the wheel, who it points at you demonstrate your oral sex technique on
Spin the wheel, Use your mouth to turn on the player it points at. No talking.
Massage the next player to spin in a nsfw manner
Spin the wheel, the player it points to kisses you where you tell them too
Use your hands to please the 3rd player on your right
Until your next turn, you can't say no
Step on another player's sensitive bits
Pick another player, Rock, paper, scissors another player of your choice. Loser goes down on the winner
Spin the wheel, the person the the spinner points to gives you any order they wish
Group choice: you take 1 then either remove everything, or tease/seduce a player the group picks
Allow the player across from you to do whatever they wish to you but you may make a request
The players on your right and left kiss your inner thigh
The players to your left and right each kiss your ass
Choose a color: Everyone that has that color removes 1 layer
Choose a color: Everyone that has that color gives you a kiss
Choose a color: Everyone that has that color kisses you in a place of your choosing
Group decides your fate
Spin the wheel, the player it points at chooses: You remove a specific layer, or you kiss them where they choose
Spin the wheel, the player it points at chooses: Perform whatever action they wish to them or they kiss you where they choose
Spin the wheel: the player it points at, sit on thier face for 10 seconds
Spin the wheel: the player it points at, sits on your face for 10 seconds
Drink 2 or remove 1 layer
Drink 2 and remove 1 layer
Give 2 and remove 1 layer
Pick another player, you both remove 1 layer
Pick another player, you both take 2 and remove 1
Pick another player, you both take 2 and remove 2
Remove any number of layers, for each one, the group takes a shot
Pick another player, they remove as many layers as they wish, the group takes 1 per and you take double
Groups choice: Group shot x2 and you spin again, or You remove 2 layers
Players with even numbered names take 1
Players with even numbered names remove 1 layer
Players with odd numbered names remove 1 layer
Players with odd numbered names take 1
Anyone with black on their avi takes 1
Anyone wearing black on their avi removes 1 layer
Remove 1 layer, take 1 drink and spin the wheel again
Pick 2 other players, you all remove 1 and take 1
Choose but you do double: Group removes 1 layer or groups drinks x2
Make a SFW rule that applies on spin
Make a NSFW rule or delete one
Give a drink if you have a piercing/(s) on your sensitive bits 
Drink 2 if you're over 6' tall
Make a SFW rule or delete one
Give a drink for every person you've slept with this year
Drink if you've ever told someone "I can handle it" ;)
Make a NSFW rule that applies on spin
Table Rule: The refusal penalty is now 3 drinks
Table Rule: You may pass the spin prompt to the next player
Table Rule: When you remove a layer remove an additional or take 1 drink
Table Rule: If your spin lands on a drink, you may give it to another player
Table Rule: Before you spin you may call "double", if you do, the prompt is doubled.
Table Rule: All prompts that remove layers are doubled
Table Rule: When a prompt gives drinks, direct half to another player unless it's a group shot.
Table Rule: The refusal penatly is now just 1
Table Rule: All drink prompts are now 1 less but include "remove 1 layer"
Table Rule: Any player may replace a "remove 1 layer" prompt with drinks
Table Rule: You may "drink and spin again" once per turn to avoid a prompt
Take 1 and remove 1, you may pick another player to do it as well but now you do double.
Take 1, you may choose another player, they remove 1 but give you a punishment.
Remove 1, you may choose another player, they take 2 but give you a punishment.
The players on your right and left remove 1, you take 2.
The player across from you removes 1, you take 1 while they do it.
Make a bet with the next player to spin. Loser sits on the others lap.
Make a bet with the anyone of your choosing. Loser Kisses the winner on a spot of their choosing. 
You can change the target of one turn of drinks.
Strip 1 and add 5 drinks to anyone else's amount, OR drink 5 and put a layer on.
