You Drink 2
Drink if you've laughed so hard you spit out your drink
Take a drink
Give a drink
Take 2 if you like Anal
Give 2 if you like Anal
Drink 2 if you like giving head, slut
Take 1, Give 1
Girls drink
Guys drink
Everyone drink!
Drink if you have animal ears
NSFW Avis drink
Take 2 if you like getting head
Give 2 if like giving head. You're a hero
Drink if you like someone in the room
If you have a vowel in your name drink
Pick any player. make them remove a layer of your choice
Take 1 for each layer your avi has on
Give 1 for every layer your avi has on
Drink for every erp avatar you own
Drink 2 if you're drinking vodka
Subs drink
Doms drink
Switches drinks
Drink if you've done BDSM
If you're in a relationship drink 2
Drink if your single
Trusted users drink
The group makes a SFW rule that only applies to you
Drink 1 for every private avatar you have
Allow the player across from you to spank you
Brats drink
Give everyone you'd sleep with a drink
Choose: Take someone to a private room, or re-spin and do double
Pick 2 other players, all three of you kiss at once
Drink 2 if you have not drunk from the past 3 questions
Drink for every lovense toy you own
If you are a danger to yourself drink
Drink if you own a shock collar
Drink if you've erp'd with anyone in the roon
Drink if you've been pegged
Drink for 4 seconds.
Drink (or toke) if you smoke weed
If you're not straight, drink.
Drink if you're not an alcoholic
Strip and sit on the player 3rd to your rights lap.
Drink. That's it. Just do as you're told.
Group picks a player, match thier level of clothing
Drink if you've ERPd in the last 3 days
If a player is laying down, ride them for 10 sec, otherwise take 2
Take off an article of clothing
Post a nsfw picture in the discord, can be vrc
Drink for everyone person that is topless, if none, take 2
Double down: Take a drink for every drink you've had in the last 5 min
Take a drink if you haven't been in a public instance this week.
Pose as lewd as you can and have your picture taken
Flash the group
Give 3
Drink if you're down bad
Give 4
Rock, paper, scissors the person to your right. winner makes a rule for the loser
Everyone in the room slaps your ass
Choose: Give someone a "private" show or drink 2 and do the next spin as well
Make a SFW rule
Give a drink if you have a beard
Make a NSFW rule
Give a drink if you are missing any clothing
Give a drink if you, ya know.. you want too. UwU
Explain to the person across from you what you could do in private with them
Give a drink if you've lost clothing, take 2 if you wanna lose more.
Group decides: Pretend/give to give oral to a player, or recieve oral from a player
Give a drink if you've ever 'faked it'
If there is someone in the room you want to one-night with, give them a drink. 
Strip but keeps the socks on. It's for safety.
Drink if you've worn a plug while in vrc
Drink if you've given a stranger access to your lovense device
If you currently have a lovense/pyshock at the ready, give the code to someone in the room
Give a drink if you think you can cook
Group tells you 1 layer to take off
Drink if you've spent over $500 total on vrchat (avatars/assets/trackers etc.)
If you have erp'd in the last 3 days give 2, otherwise take 2, prude.
Subs, do as your told and remove 1 layer
Kiss any number of players, each one do drinks 1
Drink 1 for every empty can/bottle on your desk
Put all of your clothes back on
Be a mute until your next turn or drink 5
Remove any number of layers, give a drink for each you remove
Drink if you're LGBTQ
Drink if you're straight
Give 3
Drink if you own a pair of thigh highs
Give 3 to one person
Moan, group gives you a rating
Drink if you've erped with someone currently in the room
Drink for every fbt user that is in the room
Kiss the player 2 to your left's neck
If your birthday is this month, take and give 5 drinks
Drink for every hookup you've had in the past 6 months
Pick a player then choose: Ride them or they ride you. Pretend or not.
Drink for everyone wearing white in the room
Drink if you've said "Good Girl" today, Give a drink if it was said to you.
If you are wearing black, drink
Drink if you haven't kissed the homies goodnight
Everyone but you drinks 2
Everyone but you puts 1 layer on
Everyone but you takes 1 layer off
Everyone missing clothes gives out 2 drinks
Drink if you'd sleep with your own clone
The group makes a NSFW rule that only applies to you
Edge yourself for the next 2 rounds
Make a SFW rule that applies to all but you or remove a rule
Give 2 drinks if you are wearing white
Drink if you've tried moonshine
Make a NSFW rules that applies to all but you or remove a rule
Do all rules currently in place, if none, make one
Drink for every un-uploaded unity project you have
Drink for every rule in place, if none, make one
Drink if your Avi gender does not match yours
Drink if you've played VR naked
Drink 2 if you're currently naked
Drink if you're horny
Drink if you've ever used the word Bussy
Drink for every person you've ERP'd within this room
Lick whoever is the most naked
You and the person across from you swap levels of undress, if both fully clothed, both take 2
Drink and spin again
Give 5 and spin again
Drink if you've ever shaved your body hair
Drink if you enjoy being ridden
drink if you enjoy riding others
Give a drink if you've ever done public play
Give three drinks if you've had an IRL threesome
Give 5 drinks
Edge of your choosing for 2 rounds
Doms, give your subs something to work with and you remove 1 layer
Give 1 if you've given a lap dance
Drink if you've kissed more than one person in 24 hours
Give a dare to another player. It only lasts 1 round
Drink one for every light on your current avatar
Drink 3 if you have DPS, give 3 if you have SPS and take 6 if you have nothing
GIve the player that looks best topless a drink, if there are none, take 2
If you have any toys on your current avi, show them off. Otherwise spin again
Drink and spin again but do double the next spin
Drink if you've ever changed your vrc user name
Drink and spin again, the player the arrows points at, does double the next spin
Drink if you have any animal parts on your avi
Give a drink to someone you're hoping hits more stripping spins
Give a drink to someone that's avoided stripping, or take 3 and they lose 1 layer
Drink if your avatar has a holiday/event based theme
Cuddle with the player to your right (or left, whatever) until your next turn
Give a pickup line to the next player
Choose: Remove all layers and make someone finish thier drink, or take 3
What role do you want in a threesome?
Give 5 if you're hoping you hit more stripping spins
Does public play make you nervous?
Drink if you don't like bacon, FU
Give 5 Drinks
Pick someone in the room, call them "Daddy/Mommy" and sit next to them for 2 rounds
The wheel is your master, do whatever it says for the next 3 turns.
Give 2 if you've made a sextape IRL
Drink for every time you switched avatars in the last hour
Drink 1 for every person in the room you'd lewd
Drink for every rule in play, if none, make one.
Name a Kink, drink with everyone that shares it
Give 2 if you've ever made a VRC sextape
Good Boys Drink
Good Girls Drink
Drink if you've been into horny jail today
Take one drink per person in the room that's high
Headpat every player in an opposite gender avi
Drink two if your drinking spirits straight from the bottle
Give a drink if you've lost layers tonight
Give two if you've ever brewd your own alcohol
How many Lovense do you own?
Drink 1 per social platform account you have.(Facebook, TikTok, Twitter... ECT)
Headpat every player in the same gender avi
Kiss every player in the opposite gender avi
Remove 1 layer but put another on, if you can't remove 2
Explain why someone is being a slut while they put a layer back on
Drink for everyone person in the room you'd like to lewd you
Kiss every player in the same gender avi
Stand on the wheel then touch your toes
Have you ever made a VRC sextape? Do you want to?
WHo here would you like to see a VRC sextape of? Pick as many as you wish.
Who is the biggest brat? 
Drink 1 per year you've played VRC
Rock, paper, scissors with anyone, loser removes 1 layer of the winners choice.
Remove 1 lower layer
Remove 1 upper layer
Pick who you think is the best Sub
Pick who you think is the best Dom
Drink for every person you have had in your mouth (IRL/VRC) this week
Take off as many layers as you want
Put as many layers back on as you want
Choose: Allow who the group chooses to use thier fingers on you, or use your fingers on group choice
Drink for every person you have ERPed with in the room
Drink if you are currently smoking some giggle bush
Drink one for each illicit substance you've used
Pick a player, give each other one order at a time. First one to say no, drinks 2.
Drink 2 if you enjoy pet play
Complement someone in the room
Drink for every time you've spun so far 
Take a drink for each person in this room who’s seen your nudes
Choose: drink 4, strip 2, or drink 2 and strip 1
Drink for every vr pet you have
Drink if you have no gag reflex because we know you can take it.
Swallow one if you swallow, Give one if you spit
Give a drink if you have no gag reflex cuz you've earned it
What is your favorite category of porn?
Pose for an NSFW picture with a player of the groups choice.
Give drinks equal to the number of “Friends” you have on the Lovense app. 
If you have more than 50 avatars uploaded, take 5
Next person to say someone's username drinks
Take a drink if you've 'finished' in 24 hours
Take a drink if you have ever worn two socks of different colors 
If your avi has pubic hair, drink 1
Choose: Drink 3 and remove 1 layer, or remove 2 and give 2
Drink two if you work more than 10 hours a day
Drink 2 if your drinking a cocktail
Tell someone in the room something lewd you wish to do to them
Drink if your room doesnt have carpet
Pick one, remove a layer and drink 1, or put on a lyer and drink 3
If you drink more than twice a week drink 3
Pick a mate, for the rest of the game, you both do everything together
Usuing just your mouth, try to make another player blush
The next time a player says your name, drink 2
Drink water if you've finished two bottles already
If you've visited horny jail today, drink 2
Drink 1 and give 1 if you've ever wanted to try to make a VRC sextape
Spin the wheel, the player the arrow points at, takes off as many layers as you do.
FBT users drink 2
Go topless and give a drink for each layer that comes off, or take 5
Name something you want to do in vrc you haven't yet.
The table is now your Domminatrix! Apologize! Say "yes mistress" when you spin for 2 turns.
Drink if you've ever sent nudes to the wrong person, drink 2 if they're here.
Drink if you ever sent nudes to someone and FORGOT ABOUT IT the next day (Surprise Sober You!!!)
Drink if you have bunny ears!
Everyone drinks without you x 2
Everyone drinks without you x 3
Have you experienced phantom sense?
Pick another player, you both drink 25%
Pick another player, you both give 2
Pick another player, you both take 2
Pick another player, you both take 1 and remove 1
Give a drink for every person in here you would erp with
Group picks 2 players. Both say a color, if they match, everyone drinks 3 otherwise they take 2
Group picks 2 players. They rock, paper, scissors, winner makes a rule for the loser.
Give a drink if you're drinking rum
Group choice: Everyone drinks 3 or the wheel is spun, where the arrow points removes 2.
Group chooses a player: Pleasure yourself in thier lap until your next turn
Drink if you've lost clothing tonight, remove another if it made you happy
Drink if you've lost clothing tonight
Subs drink
Doms drink
Do you prefer to give or recieve? Drink 2 if you give. Give out 2 if you recieve.
Give the person you think needs to lose move clothing  2 drinks.
Edge yourself for the next 2 turns
Use your hand to please another player, pretend or not. Group picks
Drink 1 for every Partner you have in this room
Drink one for every day this week you DIDNT work
Drink one for every day you did work this week
Drink if you're currently pursuing a higher education
Declare yourself Sub, Switch, Dom, or Brat. Everyone that disagrees drinks. 
Call someone out! Choose Sub, Dom, Switch, or Brat. Everyone that disagrees drinks
Drink if you've had food delivered this week
Choose: Pick another player, share a drink then kiss thier chest, or you both take 3 and they spank you
Give a shot to every player you have erp'd with in the room
Offer yourself to a player of your choice for 2 rounds. You both do any spins together
Until you're next turn, lose 1 layer for each drink you are gifted
Give 2 if at the end of the night your knees were sore
Step on the player to your left's genitals. Make sure you rub it in.
Drink if you've been called a slut today.
Drink however many your Shitty multiplier is
Drink if anyone in the room has given you a lapdance
Pick another player, offer to ERP with them right now until either of you finish, or someone stops it
Drink if you've tried electroplay
Spin the wheel, send a really dirty message to the player it points at.
Drink if you've tried hot wax in the bedroom
What are you drinking? Everyone drinking he same drinks 1 with you.
Waterfall your drink if you haven't finished your first bottle/glass/cup etc yet
Choose; Erp with another player, no penetration, or do double the next 3 wheel spins
The group picks another player, they may kiss you wherever they wish.
Pick another player, demonstrate how to put on a condom using them.
Spin the wheel, the player it points at gets to take 3 pictures of you nude. You may leave to another room
Pick another player, they are your nemesis and they do the opposite of whatever you spin. (drinks doubled, dares reversed)
Drink if the only time you care about Call of Duty is when there's masked men involved
Explain what the hottest sexual encounter you have ever had was.
The group makes a NSFW rule that only applies to you
Ever regretted a sexual encounter as soon as it was over? If so, drink 2, if not drink 4
Pick another player, they decide what you wear.. or what you don't.
Drink if you’d argue when someone calls you a bottom
Brats drink 2 cause I know you’ll be mad about taking 1 anyway
Drink if a mf had you gigglin and kickin your legs this week
Drink 5 if you'd let someone in the room spit thier drink in your mouth like a momma bird
For every piece of clothing you've lost, lose another
Have you ever been paid for sex? If yes, give 2, if no, take 2.
Name something you simply don't want to try, it doesn't have to be sexual. All who agree, take 1.
Name something you want to try, it doesn't have to be sexual. All who agree, take 1
Brats give out 1 cuz we all know you wanna start shit
Expose the nastiest, sluttiest thing you've ever done. If you refuse, take 3, if you do, give 3
If you could have a threesome with 2 others here, who would it be? All 3 take a drink for what could be.
Group picks another player, you kiss thier feet.
Spin the wheel: Give the player it lands on an NSFW dare that includes yourself
Group picks a player for you: Use thier thighs as a sex toy or they use you as a sex toy
Drink if you get hangovers, old fucks
Drink if you're a "Silly little guy"
Choose: You pick a partner or group picks for you. Allow them to lick "the whip cream off your body"
Massage the 3rd player to your lefts legs for 1 round
Give the person you think has slept with the most people 2
Fake an orgasm. If the group decides you could do better take 3
Spin the wheel, whoever it points at you must give them a kiss on thier inner thigh
Group chooses another player. Lay in thier lap and let them spank you. Say thank you after 
Motorboat the player on your right
Have you ever had a dream about anyone in the room? If so, both of you take 1
End every sentence with "woof" until your next turn
Give a dare to anyone you wish. If they do it drink 2, if they refuse, they drink 2.
Group removes 1 layer
Name your favorite color, everyone who doesn't share it drinks
If there are rules in place, do them. Otherwise, make one.
Spin the wheel, make a rule for whoever it points at.
Group decides: Remove 2 layers or swap to an ERP avatar
Spin the wheel, whoever it points at makes a rule for you.
Using another player of groups choice, demonstrate your favorite position. Get a picture
Wipe all rules in play
Make a NSFW rule, then pick one person to perform it now.
Make a request of another player. Anything works
Allow someone to do a body shot of you. Both drink 1
Give the group a would you rather.
“fuck it, we ball” everyone drink 2
Drink if still have all your avi's clothes on
Would you rather be double penetrated or be part of doing it?
Spin the wheel whoever it points at decides: You remove 2 or they give you a nsfw dare
Group shot!
Drink for every sex toy you own
Choose: Take 2, remove 2, group shot but you remove 1, or everyone removes 1 and you take 4
Drink if you're a hoe.
Spinner makes a rule
Give a double buddy shot
Give a drink if you're drinking wine
Give a drink if you've ERPd in this world, you devious dog.
Act like the player across from you until your next turn
Switches, switch places with someone.
Drink 2 if you're not feeling it, give 2 if you are
You don't have to take 1 but you will be judged
Group shot!
Up to you, take 2 or give 2
Make a rule
Make a NSFW rule or delete one
Give a drink if you have a piercing/(s) on your sensitive bits 
Drink 2 if you're over 6' tall
Make a SFW rule or delete one
Give a drink for every person you've slept with this year
Drink if you've ever told someone "I can handle it" ;)
Give one for every irl sexual partner you've had
Drink one for every irl sexual partner you've had
Drink the amount of the most times you've 'climaxed' in one session
Remove 1 layer of clothing
Remove 2 layers of clothing
Pick someone to remove 1 layer of clothing
Pick someone to remove 2 layers of clothing
Edge yourself for the next 3 turns
Spin the wheel, who it points at you demonstrate your oral sex technique on
With the players to your left and right, pretend or have, a threesome for one round, or more
Make out with the player that spun before you
Spin the wheel, the player it points decides Dom, Switch, Sub for both of you. Pretend/erp for 1 round
Spin the wheel, Use your mouth to turn on the player it points at. No talking.
Massage the next player to spin in a nsfw manner
Spin the wheel, the player it points to kisses you where you tell them too
Use your hands to please the 3rd player on your right
Until your next turn, you can't say no
Step on another player's sensitive bits
Pick another player, Rock, paper, scissors another player of your choice. Loser goes down on the winner
Spin the wheel, the person the the spinner points to gives you any order they wish
Group choice: you take 1 then either remove everything, or tease/seduce a player the group picks
Spin the wheel, the player it points at decides if you Kiss them in a spot they choose, or they kiss you where they wish.
Allow the player across from you to do whatever they wish to you but you may make a request
Masturbate for 1 round OR allow someone else to do it for you
The players on your right and left kiss your inner thigh
The players to your left and right each kiss your ass
Choose a color: Everyone that has that color removes 1 layer
Choose a color: Everyone that has that color gives you a kiss
Choose a color: Everyone that has that color kisses you in a place of your choosing
Group decides your fate
Spin the wheel, the player it points at chooses: You remove a specific layer, or you kiss them where they choose
Spin the wheel, the player it points at chooses: Perform whatever action they wish to them or they kiss you where they choose
Spin the wheel: the player it points at, sit on thier face for 10 seconds
Spin the wheel: the player it points at, sits on your face for 10 seconds
Drink 2 or remove 1 layer
Drink 2 and remove 1 layer
Give 2 and remove 1 layer
Pick another player, you both remove 1 layer
Pick another player, you both take 2 and remove 1
Pick another player, you both take 2 and remove 2
Remove any number of layers, for each one, the group takes a shot
Pick another player, they remove as many layers as they wish, the group takes 1 per and you take double
Groups choice: Group shot x2 and you spin again, or You remove 2 layers
Players with even numbered names take 1
Players with even numbered names remove 1 layer
Players with odd numbered names remove 1 layer
Players with odd numbered names take 1
Anyone with black on their avi takes 1
Anyone wearing black on their avi removes 1 layer
Remove 1 layer, take 1 drink and spin the wheel again
Pick 2 other players, you all remove 1 and take 1
Choose but you do double: Group removes 1 layer or groups drinks x2
Make a SFW rule that applies on spin
Make a NSFW rule that applies on spin
Table Rule: The refusal penalty is now 3 drinks
Table Rule: You may pass the spin prompt to the next player
Table Rule: When you remove a layer remove an additional or take 1 drink
Table Rule: If your spin lands on a drink, you may give it to another player
Table Rule: Before you spin you may call "double", if you do, the prompt is doubled.
Table Rule: All prompts that remove layers are doubled
Table Rule: When a prompt gives drinks, direct half to another player unless it's a group shot.
Table Rule: The refusal penatly is now just 1
Table Rule: All drink prompts are now 1 less but include "remove 1 layer"
Table Rule: Any player may replace a "remove 1 layer" prompt with drinks
Table Rule: You may "drink and spin again" once per turn to avoid a prompt
Take 1 and remove 1, you may pick another player to do it as well but now you do double.
Take 1, you may choose another player, they remove 1 but give you a punishment.
Remove 1, you may choose another player, they take 2 but give you a punishment.
The players on your right and left remove 1, you take 2.
The player across from you removes 1, you take 1 while they do it.
Happy Birthday TXRagingMexican! Drink Bitch.
TXRagingMexican takes 2 but gives 1.
Tell TXRagingMexican how they've been a good boy and explain why the deserve to take 3.
If TXRagingMexican is sitting down, they take 3, otherwise everyone BUT them drinks 2.
Buddy shot with the Birthday Boy!
TXRagingMexican makes a sfw rule or deletes one.
TXRagingMexican makes a nsfw rule or deletes one.
If Uggie is sitting down, TXRagingMexican takes 2, if Uggie is dancing, TX takes 4.
TXRagingMexican gives out as many shots as they wish, but the drink half as many.
Group shot to cheers our targ... birthday boy.
Give the Birthday Boy a kiss and a love tap to the cheek!
5 second chug with TXRagingMexican!
TXRagingMexican picks two people, they take 2 and TX removes 1, or they remove 1 and TX takes 4.
TXRagingMexican gives out 5 drinks!
Rizz up TXRagingMexican.
TXRagingMexican choice: Next spin is doubled, you spin again but take 1, or next spin is doubled and you remove 1.
Choose: TXRagingMexican chugs for 5 seconds, you and TX both take 2, or you become dare buddies with TX.
Make a SFW rule that only applies to TXRagingMexican.
Make a NSFW rule that only applies to TXRagingMexican.
TXRagingMexican drinks for every person that has a shorter name, max of 5.
TABLE RULE: Whenever anyone tells TXRagingMexican Happy Birthday! He drinks 1.
TXRagingMexican must have woke up drunk. Make them explain why their hair is a mess while you drink 2.
Rock, Paper, Scissors with TXRagingMexican. Loser chugs 5 while the winner counts it.
Give out a total of 4 shots, any given to TXRagingMexican are doubled.
TXRagingMexican choice: Everyone loses 1, everyone drinks 3, or everyone loses 2 and TX drinks 4.
TXRagingMexican drinks 1 for everyone thats topless (men included)
TXRagingMexican takes 2, you take 1.
TXRagingMexican takes 3, you take 2.
You and TXRagingMexican both take 2, then they give 2 as a gift from the Birthday Boy!
Give TXRagingMexican the finger, They take 2 for hurt feelings.
Drink if you have a reference to a state in your name.
Drink if one of the last three letters in the alphabet is in your name.
Drink if your birthday is June 7th
TXRagingMexican is now king of the wheel until their turn. Everyone give's half their shots to them as tax until they step down.
On the next turn, TXRagingMexican does the prompt as well.
On the next turn TXRagingMexican drinks if it says too as well.
You and TXRagingMexican start a rhyme battle. Say a word, TX will rhyme it, then you rhyme what they say. Loser drinks 3
If TXRagingMexican is a danger to themselves, take 2 with them to help.
You and TX pick a number 1-10. You both drink the difference in the numbers. If they match everyone else takes 3!
Spin again, whoever it points at, gives a dare that includes you and TX.
TXRagingMexican answers a truth given by anyone. Then you spin again.
TXRagingMexican does a dare given by anyone. Then you spin again.
Call it: Pass but take 2, Double Down, or Birthday! Spin the wheel, if you passed it on, the next person does the prompt then goes. Double Down, you do double, Birthday TX does it.
Call Drink or Strip! Spin the wheel, if the prompt matches what you called, give out 4 drinks/strips. If it doesn't take 2 or strip 2.
TXRagingMexican chooses: Group shot x2, you give out 4, or you take 2.
Did you see that!?  TXRagingMexican spilled their drink. They take 3 for a party foul and thr group drinks 1 for our fallen liquid.
If TXRagingMexican is being a hoe, then group shot x2 to cheer them on. Otherwise, TX needs more liquid bravery and they take 2.
You and TXRagingMexican name your favorite alcohol. If they match group x2, otherwise you both take 3.
Take 1, then TXRagingMexican spins the wheel and gives the prompt to whoever they wish.
TABLE RULE: Once per time they spin TXRagingMexican can call double before the wheel is spun and the wheel prompt is doubled.
TABLE RULE: When TXRagingMexican spins, they may call double, or pass. If they pass, they take 3.
TABLE RULE: When Uggie drinks, TXRagingMexican drinks as well.
TABLE RULE: Instead of taking 2 for skipping a prompt, you may spin again but you do double and TXRagingMexican does the prompt too.
Spin again, you may give the prompt to TXRagingMexican if you wish.
Spin again, TXRagingMexican may steal the prompt from you and choose 2 other people to do it instead.
TXRagingMexican thinks you're a bitch! Drink 4 in front of them, if you do, TX takes 4 as well for talking shit.
